tomorrow's Powerball drawing is gonna be
huge bigger than the mayor of Toronto
even it could become the biggest lottery
jackpot ever their jackpots already up
to six hundred million dollars the
record is six hundred fifty million
people are lined up outside convenience
stores all over the United States to buy
tickets this is a good tip by the way if
you don't want to wait in line you can
always recreate the experience of
playing powerball at home simply by
flushing a dollar down the toilet if you
won if you won six hundred million
dollars would you quit the show yeah
[Applause]
seems to be everyone's fantasy when they
think about winning the lottery being
able to quit their job and tell their
boss off but since most people never get
that opportunity my cousin's house set
up a simulation today out on Hollywood
Boulevard we gave pedestrians the chance
to anonymously tell their bosses what
they would say to them if they won the
lottery we gave the masks to wear and I
present that to you now if you win the
six hundred million dollar Powerball
what would you say to your boss I got
two words for you nice somewhere
okay all right sir you just won 600
million dollars what are you gonna say
to your boss what am I gonna say to my
boss I'm going to tell him that I'm
gonna take them out to lunch you know
dig them out for lunch sure and leave in
there snap
this guy's gonna take you out to lunch
and leave you there oh nice just once
600 million dollars what do you have to
say to your boss those breath stinks
like everyone knows it yes
suck you were the worst boss in the
world you I am out of here I never to do
kindergarten lunch dirty again oh I
definitely talk about the time his wife
came on to me at the Christmas party and
e-train your own employees screw you I
hope you lose it all your your job and
everything you are horrible boss you hit
the girl nice good for you what's his
name um Ron Turner a deal Prince Aladdin
USA follow me on Twitter excellent
you have a lot of time this week you
just won the six hundred million dollar
jackpot
tell your boss what's on your mind you
are not one of the stars of Dance Moms
so please stop acting like it
you're a crazy like excellent
thank you
what's your name where you from Kenzie
I'm from Dallas Texas okay this ticket
won you six hundred million dollars what
do you have to say to your boss
I cannot chili but my boss is a real
dumbass
real stupid ass that's good you know
what I think I agree give me a mess he
really is a stupid dumb stupid ass yes
okay let's go
[Applause]
[Music]